Selenium:
1. write a script to verify that login page is loaded within 3 sec
2. write a script to  login and logout and script as to be synchronized without using implicitly wait or thread .sleep
3. without using explicit wait also
4. write a script to verify whether alert popup is displayed or not -- acti time
5. write a script to print the message displayed on confirmation popup and click on cancel -- http://www.actimind.com/contact.php 
6. write a script to verify whether hidden division popup is displayed or not -- actitime create customer > delete with checking 
7.write a script to verify whether hidden division popup is displayed and print message in popup and cancel popup 
8. write a script to select today's date in calendar
9. write a script to select future date in the calendar -- 15 days ahead
10. write a script to upload a file in 2share.com 
11. write a script to login to naukri and print values present under profiles performance and also print number of job alerts
Expand update profile option and print all option present in that and logout.
12. verify whether given option is duplicate or not 
13. plus2net.com/php_tutorial/ajax

       print the countries in listbox and select one of them
       print state and select one of them
       print the city and select one of them


JAVA :

    How to identify a given positive decimal number as even/odd without using % or / operator ? 
    How to count occurrence of a given character in a String? 
    In an array 1-100 numbers are stored, one number is missing how do you find it?
    In an array 1-100 exactly one number is duplicate how do you find it?
    In an array 1-100 multiple numbers are duplicates, how do you find it?
    Given two arrays, 1,2,3,4,5 and 2,3,1,0,5 find which number is not present in the second array.
    How to remove duplicate elements from array in Java?
    Convert a given string as "11/12/2010" to a Date object.
    Find out the number of days in between two  given dates ?
    If you assign null to the String variable, and then you print the variable what will be the output ? Justify your answer.
    Write code to implement Bubble Sort in Java?
